[Autogenerated] once we have created our work flows
and they are being utilized now,
we need to think about monitoring them and watching
for performance issues or errors,
just like any other service step functions also send looks to cloudwatch,
which generates a huge amount of metrics around them.
We can look at execution metrics, which include execution times,
failed execution time out and many more.
We also have activity and Linda Metrics for our tasks as well.
To be able to monitor our works was properly.
First, we need to establish a performance baseline,
so we have something to compare against.
We can gather these after running the workflow at
different times with different payload,
which will give us a good understanding on the maximum and the minimum run
time required for work for two Ron and possible timeouts.
Using cloudwatch,
we can catch all different state machine events and
respond to them In the events action.
We can create a new rule that we look for the state machine event patterns.
We can easily find the step function service from the list of
service is after which we get to choose an event.
I we get the option to respond to specific stages a specific state machinery,
islands or specific execution.
Ares, after which we need to select a target.
The target could be anything.
It can be a lambda function,
which we can execute in response to some state off our state machine.
We can push a message toe on sq askew or even trigger another
state machine in order to get some good metrics.
Are state machine needs to be executed a couple of times to simulate work?
We can schedule our workflow to run on a schedule using cloudwatch.
We can do that by changing the even source to schedule on dhe,
setting around rate for our case.
That's headed one minute,
which is a minimum amount that we can set on the target section.
We need to find step functions.
Next,
we need to find our state machine that we want to execute
for the input we're going to pass in a constant days and
payload and for the permissions.
Let's leave it to Amazon to create a new role for us,
which will give you the appropriate permissions needed
for these two round on the next step,
we need to give you the name and create the rule I had already created trigger,
which has been running for a now or so to give us some metrics to look at.
To get some good metrics.
Leave your trigger to run for about one hour,
or you can trigger your workflow manually.
But on automatic trigger will give us an evenly spread out beast of events.
Now let's see the metrics for our workflow in the metric session.
On the old metric stab, there should be a car for states.
That is where we will find our step function work for metrics.
Let's look at some execution medics for a work floor,
which will be in the execution metrics card.
First, let's say like the magic type that we want to display on the graph.
We can do that by clicking on the magic name and using search for these
only which will filter out any other metric type.
Now we can see like all the items on the greed which
will get displayed on the graph,
we can easily see the exception time for a workflow for the last
hour and see if there were any anomalies and if so,
track them and see what happens.
For example,
we can see that one of the executions took about 11 seconds to complete,
while the rest took about two or three seconds,
most likely because this was the first being up.
Also, the resource is needed by the AWS Lambda Functions,
which was not required for the following executions,
hands their lower execution time.
Monitoring like this is good,
but sitting and checking the screen constantly isn't very productive.
We need a way to be able to know when something is not running is expect,
and that's where alarms coming.
We can use alarms to get notified when something falls below
the desired performance level that we have said based on the
baseline that we have defined.
Let's navigate toe the line section on creating You want first.
We need to specify a magic that we're interested in monitoring.
Where are they?
More.
We're going to choose execution time.
Mattrick.
Let's select that one and move to the next step.
Next.
We need to specify the conditions for our alarm,
for the threshold time we're going to to static on.
We are going to reason alarm when the execution time is greater than
three seconds which would be 2000 milliseconds.
In this case, once we have the condition,
said, Let's move to the next step here.
We need to set up our notifications.
We can decide in which state do we want to be notified?
We have the choice between in alarm okay and insufficient data.
Whenever the alarm is in this state,
it will notify us to be able to get notifications.
We need to use an SMS topi for our case.
Let's create a new SMS topic and on the email and point,
we need to provide the emails that we want to be notified
on and go ahead and create the topic.
What's the notification configuration you set up?
Let's move to the next step.
And finally,
we need to give you the name that's naming execution alarm and move to the
next step and finally on the preview and create step.
Let's create our alarm.
Once alarm is created in the state,
we can see that it's currently at insufficient data state.
After a couple of executions off our work floor,
it should move to the in alarm state and after a minute,
or saw the state transitions toe in alarm and we get an email alert
that is all for using cloudwatch to monitor our workflow so we can
improve their performance Over time,
you could start by creating different alarms for different
metrics to get comfortable with reading and comprehending the different magics types.